To: Dr. Rasha Sheikh
 Re: ICRA 2020 Contributed paper 1218: Gradient and Log-based Active Learning for Semantic Segmentation of Crop and
Weed for Agricultural Robots

Dear Rasha,

It is our pleasure to inform you that your paper has been accepted for presentation at the 2020 International
Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA), May 31 - June 4, 2020, Paris, France and for inclusion in the conference
proceedings. Please read this email in its entirety since it contains useful information for final paper submission,
compliance with the (6+n) pages requirement, conference registration, accommodation, and conference venue, among other
things. This email applies to ALL ACCEPTED papers for ICRA 2020 submitted as: - Contributed ICRA 2020 submissions -
RA-L paper submissions with the ICRA 2020 presentation option - Selected TRO papers that have been accepted for
presentation at ICRA 2020 - Selected RAM papers that have been accepted for presentation at ICRA 2020.

You can access the reviews and editorial board comments, as well as the iThenticate report, by logging into your
PaperPlaza account.

CONFERENCE DECISION PROCESS
The conference review process was overseen by the Editor-in-chief of the Conference Editorial Board (CEB) which
comprises 20 editors, 409 associate editors and 9,425 reviewers. RA-L, TRO, and RAM papers were reviewed by their
respective editorial boards.

Final decisions about inclusion in the ICRA 2020 program were made by the Senior Program Committee (SPC) at its meeting
in San Francisco, CA, on 11-12 January, 2020. All decisions are FINAL.

CONFERENCE STATISTICS
We received over 3,512 submissions, a new record, from 64 countries. Overall, 3,446 papers were reviewed: 2,456 for
ICRA 2020 and 990 for the IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters (RA-L). The 10 most popular keywords, in descending
order, were: Deep Learning in Robotics and Automation, Motion and Path Planning, Localization, Learning and Adaptive
Systems, Autonomous Vehicle Navigation, Multi-Robot Systems, SLAM, Object Detection, Segmentation and Categorization,
and Visual-Based Navigation. From the very large number of high-quality papers we selected 1,483 for presentation which
represents an acceptance rate of 42%.

FINAL VERSION OF YOUR ICRA 2020 PAPER
The reviews and the editor/associate editor remarks can be found via your PaperPlaza account at
http://ras.papercept.net. Please consider these comments and suggestions seriously when preparing the final version of
your paper.

Your final version must be submitted using PaperPlaza which will open for this purpose on February 3, 2020. The
deadline for final paper submission is March 3, 2020 (23:59:59 US Pacific time). Please ensure that the PaperPlaza
metadata such as title, abstract and author list is correct since this information will be included in the program.

Please recall the commitment statement you provided when submitting your paper: "the final version is expected to
correspond in length and contents to your accepted submission, except for parts that might be added or modified to
address the reviewers' comments. It is considered unethical to shorten or otherwise alter the final version in ways
that make it significantly different than what was reviewed and accepted." Instructions for preparation of the final
contributions and electronic submission will be made available by February 3, 2020, on the ICRA 2020 Web-site.

PAGE LENGTH
Your final submission must comply with the (6+n) paper length (i.e., six pages of technical content including text,
figures, tables, acknowledgement, etc., with no page-limit for the bibliography/references (n pages) section). The
(6+n) pages compliance in the final version will be checked for every paper. Every paper whose final version is not
compliant with the 6+n policy, will be rejected from ICRA 2020. 

Papers that were submitted to RA-L with the ICRA 2020 presentation option and that were REJECTED by RA-L but ACCEPTED
for ICRA 2020, must be reformatted to the (6+n) pages limit described above in order to be published and presented at
ICRA 2020.

Any final paper submitted by the final submission deadline that does not comply with the (6+n) pages requirement will
be SUMMARILY REJECTED and REMOVED from the conference proceedings. Authors will not have the opportunity to fix the
non-compliance, given the short time window between final submission deadline and the conference publication deadline.

The (6+n) pages compliance DOES NOT apply to: - ACCEPTED RA-L papers with the ICRA 2020 option that have ALSO BEEN
ACCEPTED for presentation at ICRA 2020 - Selected TRO papers that have been accepted for presentation at ICRA 2020 -
Selected RAM papers that have been accepted for presentation at ICRA 2020.

DIGEST SLIDE
Please prepare a one-page PowerPoint slide that summarizes your paper and upload it with the final submission. You must
only use the PowerPoint template available on the final submission instructions page of the ICRA 2020 Web-site. Please
do not change the template. Keep fonts and font sizes as prepared in the template. The final submission instructions
will be made available by February 3, 2020.

REGISTRATION
The Robotics and Automation Society and ICRA conference policy requires that at least one author of your paper is
registered for the conference prior to the final paper upload.

Each regular registration can be used to upload no more than two papers and all associated attachments. If you are an
author or co-author of a single contribution, your registration cannot be shared or used for uploading a paper for
which you are not an author. A student registration can be used for uploading one single paper only.

You must register by March 3, 2020.

Please carefully read the registration information, which will be published soon under http://icra2020.org.

Please let your colleagues know that registration for non-authors will open on February 15, 2020. The registration link
will be made available on the ICRA 2020 Web-site on that date. Anticipating registration at full capacity of the venue,
we are rolling out the registration in this tiered process.

ACCOMMODATION
Several types of accommodations have been reserved for ICRA 2020. We encourage you to reserve your hotel early.
Corresponding information will be published soon at http://icra2020.org

VENUE
Palais des Congrès de Paris
75017 Paris, France

CONFERENCE FORMAT AND PRESENTATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS
Each paper will be presented via an oral presentation that will last 15 minutes including discussion and transition to
the next speaker. The exact details regarding oral presentations will be published soon at http://icra2020.org.

AWARD CANDIDATES
Award candidate papers will be presented in a corresponding oral award track during the first two days of the
conference — award candidate authors will be notified at the latest by April 15, 2020.

NO SHOW POLICY
If you will not attend the conference and will not present your paper, your paper will not be part of the conference
proceedings uploaded to IEEE Xplore.

ATTENDING ICRA 2020
Details regarding traveling to will be available soon at http://icra2020.org.

We generally encourage you to periodically visit the conference Web-site http://icra2020.org for updates about the
conference.

We look forward to welcoming you in Paris, France in May/June this year for what promises to be a strong and exciting
technical program and conference.

Sincerely,

Wolfram Burgard, ICRA 2020 Program Chair
Toyota Research Institute, USA

Ayanna Howard, ICRA 2020 Editor-in-Chief
Georgia Institute of Technology, USA

Stéphane Régnier, ICRA 2020 General Chair
Sorbonne University, France
